Feat/manager 8230: Microsoft Exchange account creation (#6143)
ovh/manager: packages/manager/modules/phone-prefix/README.md

> # account-helpers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# phone-prefix
```

> # manager-phone-prefix

Reviewer 2: Do we need a specific module for this, can't it be added to `manager-components` ?

Author: It was discuss with others people.
We decide to go like this.

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, what was the reason ? Seems a bit too much having a new module for this purpose

> Provides a list of telephone code

## Install

```sh
yarn add @ovh-ux/manager-phone-prefix
```

## Imports data

### Use telephony code list

Provides data to allow user to select a right telephone code

#### Usage 

```js
import PHONE_PREFIX from '@ovh-ux/manager-phone-prefix';
```

## Build

```sh
# Build in production mode
yarn start
```

## Development

If you want to contribute to the project, follow theses instructions:

Foremost, you should launch a global installation at the root folder of this repository:

```sh
yarn install
```

Then you just have to start the project in development mode. For this, two choices are possible according to your needs:

```sh

> # Build the `manager-ng-layout-helpers` workspace and all the nested workspaces in development mode and watch only `manager-ng-layout-helpers` workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build the `manager-phone-prefix` workspace and all the nested workspaces in development mode and watch only `manager-phone-prefix` workspace
```

Reviewer: `manager-phone-prefix` instead of `phone-prefix`.

Author: Done

yarn start:dev

> # Build and watch the `manager-ng-layout-helpers` workspace and all the nested workspaces in development mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build and watch the `manager-phone-prefix` workspace and all the nested workspaces in development mode
```
